nicole scott neighbor mobile geeks and
today we're going to be taking a look at
a very common problem when you're
snapping shots with your smartphone
background light we're going to compare
this times like alex has five with the
HTC One m8 and the Sony Xperia z2 to see
which one can handle poor lighting
conditions best so here we have the
Xperia z2 so you can see how it handles
the backlight when you move it up and
down it's not an excessive amount of
bleeding and it's actually pretty quick
so this is just on intelligent auto so
let's take a couple pictures you can get
a closer look
Millis is it a short video so here we
have the HTC and they see that it's not
handling the backlight very well at all
it does have some really great features
though for adjusting the ISO and pulling
down the exposure so we're just going to
do that when I drop the exposure a
little bit see how that handles the
backlight definitely definitely has
handled it a lot better but everything's
white guard let's just take a couple
pictures you can get a 90
and then let's just take a short video
so in even into video you have the same
settings with iso exposure white balance
which is all really great so here we
have the samsung galaxy s5 you can see
its handling the backlight really really
well the foreground is nice and crisp
the backgrounds all blurred out it's
really great but that's a big couple
shots to see how it handles it
and then let's take a quick video
you
now who do you think won I think the
Samsung Galaxy s5 took it by a mile but
maybe you think differently let me know
in the comments and while you're down
there why don't you like this video if
you haven't already please subscribe to
our channel